Update README.md (#125)
fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log: README.md

# Fivetran Platform dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_fivetran_log/))
# 📣 What does this dbt package do?
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your Fivetran Platform connector (previously called Fivetran Log) data via the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_fivetran_log/)

> - Produces staging models in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/logs/fivetran-platform#schemainformation) which clean, test, and prepare your Fivetran data from our free [Fivetran Platform connector](/docs/logs/fivetran-platform) and generates analysis ready end models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Produces staging models in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/logs/fivetran-platform#schemainformation) which clean, test, and prepare your Fivetran data from our free [Fivetran Platform connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/logs/fivetran-platform) and generates analysis ready end models.
```
DBT docs work differently, so we need full URL paths

> - The above mentioned models enable you to better understand how you are spending money in Fivetran according to our [consumption-based pricing model](https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started/consumption-based-pricing) as well as providing details about the performance and status of your Fivetran connectors. This is achieved by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The above mentioned models enable you to better understand how you are spending money in Fivetran according to our [consumption-based pricing model](https://fivetran.com/docs/usage-based-pricing) as well as providing details about the performance and status of your Fivetran connectors. This is achieved by:
```
One less redirect.
